Docs: mark up FTP.connect() and FTP.login() with param lists (#114395)
python/cpython: Doc/library/ftplib.rst

FTP objects
^^^^^^^^^^^

> .. Use substitutions for some param docs so we don't need to repeat them
>    multiple places.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. Use substitutions for some param docs so we don't need to repeat them
   in multiple places.
```

.. |param_doc_user| replace::
   The username to log in with.
   If no *user* is specified, ``'anonymous'`` will be used.

.. |param_doc_passwd| replace::
   The password to use when logging in.
   If not given, and if *passwd* is the empty string or ``"-"``,
   a password will be automatically generated.

> .. Ideally, we'd like to use the :ref: directive, but Sphinx will not allow it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. Ideally, we'd like to use the :rfc: directive, but Sphinx will not allow it.
```

> .. |param_doc_acct| replace::
>    Account information to be used for the ``ACCT`` FTP command.
>    Few systems implement this.
>    See RFC-959 for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. |param_doc_acct| replace::
   Account information to be used for the ``ACCT`` FTP command.
   Few systems implement this.
   See `RFC-959 <https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc959.html>`__
   for more details.
```

This works but it's not ideal.  I poked around a bit but I couldn't find a way to get `:rfc:` to work in there.

FTP objects
^^^^^^^^^^^

.. Use substitutions for some param docs so we don't need to repeat them
   in multiple places.

.. |param_doc_user| replace::

>    The username to log in with.
>    If no *user* is specified, ``'anonymous'`` will be used.

Reviewer 2: For brevity?
```suggestion
   The username to log in with (default: ``'anonymous'``).
```

Author: Yes, thanks.

               source_address=None, *, encoding='utf-8')

   Return a new instance of the :class:`FTP` class.

   :param str host:
      The hostname to connect to.
      If given, :code:`connect(host)` is implicitly called by the constructor.

>       See the corresponding parameter to :meth:`connect` for more details.

Author: Perhaps there is a better way to word this sentence. Ditto for the similarly worded sentences below.

   :param str user:
      The username to log in with.
      If given, :code:`login(host, passwd, acct)` is implicitly called
      by the constructor.
      See the corresponding parameter to :meth:`login` for more details.

   :param str passwd:
      The password to use when logging in.
      See the corresponding parameter to :meth:`login` for more details.

   :param str acct:
      Account information to be used for the ``ACCT`` FTP command.

>       See the corresponding parameter to :meth:`login` for more details.

Reviewer: I'm a bit conflicted about this.  One one hand it makes sense to remove/avoid duplication, but on the other I think we are doing a disservice to the user.  This sentence sends me to the `login()` docs, that in turn send me to another RFC.  Moreover, the `login()`'s description ("See [RFC 959](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc959.html) for more details. Few systems implement this.") is shorter than this sentence.

For this particular case it might be ok to duplicate the description, and possibly for others too (assuming the description is not overly long.

Another option to solve both problems could be using [placeholders](https://docutils.sourceforge.io/docs/ref/rst/directives.html#replacement-text), even though I haven't really seen them using like this before.  The idea is that you could have the description of common params in a single place, and then use the same definition in multiple places afterwards:

```rst
.. |acct_param| replace:: Account information to be used for the ``ACCT``
   FTP command. See :rfc:`959` for more details. Few systems implement this.

...

:param str acct:
   |acct_param|  
```

Author: We've done similar things over in the sqlite3 docs[^1] to reduce duplication, but I agree this PR is not optimal :( Placeholders seems to be a good solution (TIL).

[^1]: for example with `Connection.execute` (brief doc) and `Cursor.execute` (detailed doc)

Author: Resolved by using substitutions. What do you think? For some reason, Sphinx won't accept the `:rfc:` directive, so I had to spell out the RFC reference. I guess that is ok, since we link to it in the introduction.

Author: @AA-Turner, any idea why the `:rfc:` role is rejected by the `replace` directive?

   .. method:: FTP.connect(host='', port=0, timeout=None, source_address=None)

      Connect to the given host and port.
      This function should be called only once for each instance;
      it should not be called if a *host* argument was given
      when the :class:`FTP` instance was created.
      All other :class:`!FTP` methods can only be called
      after a connection has successfully been made.

      :param str host:
         The host to connect to.

      :param int port:

>          The TCP port to connect to.
>          If no port number is provided, port ``21`` is used,
>          as specified by the FTP protocol specification.

Reviewer 2: ?
```suggestion
         The TCP port to connect to (default: ``21``,
         as specified by the FTP protocol specification).
```

         It is rarely needed to specify a different port number.

      :param timeout:

>          A timeout in seconds for the connection attempt.
>          If not specified, the global default timeout setting will be used.

Reviewer 2: ?

(If so, also update line 104)
```suggestion
         A timeout in seconds for the connection attempt
         (default: the global default timeout setting).
```

Author: Yes, I like these suggestions better than the existing wording. I'll apply to L104 as well.
